README.md, before:

swagger-ui-lite [![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/swagger-ui-lite.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/swagger-ui-lite)
===============
minimal npm installer for swagger-ui asset files with zero npm dependencies



# quickstart
1. npm install swagger-ui-lite
2. cd ./node_modules/swagger-ui-lite
3. open ./swagger-ui.html in a browser
4. hack these files to suit your need
    - ./swagger-ui.html
    - ./swagger-ui.rollup.css
    - ./swagger-ui.rollup.js



# npm-dependencies
- none



# package-listing
- .gitignore
- README.md
- explorer_icons.png
    - derived from http://petstore.swagger.io/images/explorer_icons.png
- index.js
    - derived from https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/blob/master/index.js
- logo_small.png
    - derived from http://petstore.swagger.io/images/logo_small.png
- package.json
- swagger-ui.html
    - derived from http://petstore.swagger.io/index.html
- swagger-ui.rollup.css
    - derived from http://petstore.swagger.io/css/*
- swagger-ui.rollup.js
    - derived from http://petstore.swagger.io/lib/*
- throbber.gif
    - derived from http://petstore.swagger.io/images/throbber.gif



# todo
    - none

Commit message:

add "swagger-ui." prefix to all assets

README.md, after:

swagger-ui-lite [![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/swagger-ui-lite.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/swagger-ui-lite)
===============
minimal npm installer for swagger-ui asset files with zero npm dependencies



# quickstart
1. npm install swagger-ui-lite
2. cd ./node_modules/swagger-ui-lite
3. open ./swagger-ui.html in a browser
4. hack these files to suit your need
    - ./swagger-ui.html
    - ./swagger-ui.rollup.css
    - ./swagger-ui.rollup.js



# npm-dependencies
- none



# package-listing
- .gitignore
- README.md
- index.js
    - minimal nodejs module that exports __dirname
- package.json
- swagger-ui.html
    - copy of http://petstore.swagger.io/index.html
- swagger-ui.rollup.css
    - rollup of http://petstore.swagger.io/css/*
- swagger-ui.rollup.js
    - rollup of http://petstore.swagger.io/lib/*
- swagger-ui.explorer_icons.png
    - copy of http://petstore.swagger.io/images/explorer_icons.png
- swagger-ui.logo_small.png
    - copy of http://petstore.swagger.io/images/logo_small.png
- swagger-ui.throbber.gif
    - copy of http://petstore.swagger.io/images/throbber.gif



# todo
    - none
